So, guys, now we will discuss the solution of the problem that we had discussed in the previous lecture
video, so the solution will be the delegation of application responsibility to library, right.
So delegation means of looting that is giving your share of work to somebody else.
So the cleaner approach is to delegate the responsibility of searching a particular record in a library
by key to the library itself.
Right.
So this way we need to write search logic at only one place in library could we took a look in a linked
list library record and we saw that we wrote such logic in the application Nazi source file.
Right.
So the solution will be that instead of writing a search, logic and application code, we should write
such logic in the library code.
So application needs to teach the English library how to match the application record, which is hold
by a note of a link list with a given key.
The reason being that linked list is actually blind towards application data.
The data type of application data that is being called by doubly linked list is actually of type Wildstar.
So it means that relentless need to be taught by the application, how to manipulate the application
data.
So we do this by writing matching functions whose prototypes are given below.
So this is the matching function for the structure student and this is the matching function for a structured
employee.
So you need to write as many matching functions as the number of linked list that is being used by application
to hold the structures of different types.
In our case, we have two types of data structures that is a student and employee and therefore we need
to write two matching functions.
You can see that the return type of this matching function is input.
That is, we will return zero if the object that is the first pointer matches with the key and you can
return minus one if it do not match.
So let us discuss the implementation of these two functions and you can find the relevant source code
in this part.
So discussing the source code, you can see that I am in this directory that is such callbacks and in
this directory I will open application dot seesaws file.
So this is the same source file that we discussed last time.
The only difference is that that in the source, while I have added two matching functions, right,
match a student record bickie and match employee record bickie.
So the first argument to this function is a pointer to the object of type of student.
And it is for this reason that in the first line I typecast the data into the student type pointer.
The second argument to this function is a key.
So in our case, the key is just a wrong number, right?
So here we are just matching that if the student loan number is equal to Darcie, then Tansu otherwise
return minus one.
So you can see that this matching function is quite simple and straightforward.
The same follows with matching function that is written for implied structure.
So these matching functions simply say is that whether a particular object of their type C student has
the following key or not.
So this function simply says true or false.
So not that these functions are implemented in application doxie source file.
That is, it is the application responsibility to provide the implementation of these matching functions.
Now, next, let us see that.
How can we use these matching functions to meet our objective?
So now going forward.
So let us discuss the solution step by step.
So the first step is that you need to implement the matching functions.
So we have already discussed the implementation of these two matching functions.
We will call these two matching function as callbacks because we will be using function pointer in order
to make use of these two functions.
Right.
So note that the signature of these two functions must be generated.
So we made the signature of these two functions generating by using argument of type Wildstar.
So remember and see, whenever it comes to write generic programming, you always need to make use of
Wildstar.
So you can see that the prototype, our signature of these two functions are application agnostic,
right?
We have not used any application specific date type as an argument or return type of these two functions.
Now, in the second step, we were going to define a callback function pointer and doubly linked list
library code.
So remember, our structure, which defines the linked list, was something like that.
Now we will introduce a new member in this class structure, and this new member is actually a function
pointer.
So you can see that this function pointer is compatible to hold the address of the functions which are
defined in step one because the prototype matches.
So this member of the list will going to hold the address of one of these callbacks, so if you open
the L.L. Dot edge file, you will see that I have to find a new member, which is a function pointer
inside the structure, the underscore T, which represents our linked list.
So this was the step number two going forward.
In step number three, you need to add a new function to your doubly linked list library and provide
its implementation and source file.
That is the little dot C, so the prototype or the signature of the function is register key.
Match callback.
Right.
The first argument to this function is a pointer to your DoubleLine list.
And the second argument to this function is a pointer to the callbacks that you have just written in
step one.
So let us discuss how we have implemented dysfunction in our library so you can see that here is the
prototype that I have provided in header file and the implementation of this function is provided in
Sourcefire.
So this is Daniel Ötzi, and you can see that the implementation of this function is fairly, very simple,
this function simply restores the function pointer, which is provided as second document into the key
match member of the linked list, which is actually a function pointer.
Right, so the application would make use of this function to tell the library that here library here
is the key matching function for data structure student, right.
So this function will be invoked by the application.
And as an argument to this function, the application will provide the function pointer.
This function pointer will be then stored by the library in its key match function pointer member.
So this way you can see that application is actually giving some tools to the library in order to perform
some application specific operations.
Now, having done the step number three in step number four, we need to add a new Generex such function
in the library.
This function can be used to search any application data which is hauled by the list.
So the prototype of this function has to be generic because this function will be used by the application
in order to such a particular record in the list.
So the first argument of this function is a linked list, and the second argument to this function is
the key based on which the intrusted record will be located in this list.
So now let us discuss that, how we have implemented this function.
So, again, I am an seesaws file, and in this source file, you can see that here is the function
dial search by key.
So the first argument to this function is a pointer to the list.
And the second argument to this function is a key based on which are interested record will be located
in this list.
So you can see that we have implemented the same search algorithm in this function search on what it
means, the way we locate a record list.
Now, remember, in order to locate an interested record in a linked list, the library has to match
the key that is provided as an input with the key of the data, which is hosted by the node of the list.
So this is done in this line right now.
The List library is making use of this key match function in order to see whether the given key matches
with the given the card, the record that is held by the linked list is the first member to this key
match function.
So this is the application data, which is hold by the note of the list.
And the second document is the key, which is provided by the application to locate and entrusted the
card.
So you can see that the essence here is that that the library is making use of function, which is provided
by the application in order to determine whether a particular record matches with the key provided by
the application or not.
So you can see that we have implemented a search algorithm which is generic and it will work for all
the data types and all data structures.
Now coming back to our slide, so this was the step number four in stop number five after creating a
linked list, an application, we need to register the appropriate callback function with the list and
we are done.
So now let us go through the example and let us see in totality that what we have achieved by following
the stop number from one to five.